OP: add Redis Stack v7.4.x release notes (#804)
redis/docs: content/operate/oss_and_stack/stack-with-enterprise/release-notes/redisstack/redisstack-7.4-release-notes.md

* Java
  * [Jedis 5.2.0 or later](https://github.com/redis/jedis/releases/tag/v5.2.0)
  * [Lettuce 6.4.0 or later](https://github.com/redis/lettuce/releases/tag/6.4.0.RELEASE)
* Python
  * [redis-py 5.1.0 or later](https://github.com/redis/redis-py/releases/tag/v5.1.0)
* NodeJS
  * [node-redis 4.7.0 or later](https://github.com/redis/node-redis/releases/tag/redis%404.7.0)
* Go
  * [go-redis 9.6.1 or later](https://github.com/redis/go-redis/releases/tag/v9.6.1)

Compatible with [Redis Insight](https://redis.io/download). The docker image redis/redis-stack for this version is bundled with [Redis Insight 2.58](https://github.com/RedisInsight/RedisInsight/releases/tag/2.58.0).

Note: version numbers follow the pattern:

`x.y.z-b`
* `x.y` Redis Major version
* `z` increases with even numbers as a module x.y version increases.
* `b` denotes a patch to Redis or a module (any `z` of Redis or modules). `b` will consist of a `v` + numeric value.

## Redis Community Edition 7.4.0-v0 (July 2024)

This is a GA release of Redis Stack version 7.4.

[Docker](https://hub.docker.com/r/redis/redis-stack) | [Download](https://redis.io/downloads/#stack)

### Headlines
**Data Structures**

> `Hash`: Redis now supports expiration of individual hash fields. Redis already supports key expiration. For each key - users can specify a time when the key should expire, or alternatively - specify the remaining time-to-live (TTL) after which the key would expire. One very frequent request was to allow specifying expiration time or TTL also for individual hash fields, which is now supported using 9 new Redis commands:

Reviewer: Are the dashes intended to make a bullet list? It looks a bit odd with them dividing up the sentence like that.

Also, is the "9" digit acceptable in rel notes?

Author: Fixed in next merge.

> - `HEXPIRE`, `HPEXPIRE`, `HEXPIREAT`, `HPEXPIREAT` - set the time when specific hash fields should expire, or the remaining time-to-live for specific fields. 

Reviewer: Links not required for rel notes, I guess?

Author: Nah.

- `HTTL`, `HPTTL`, `HEXPIRETIME`, `HPEXPIRETIME` - retrieve the time when specific hash fields should expire, or the remaining time-to-live for specific fields
- `HPERSIST` - remove the expiration of specific hash fields.

> `Streams`: It is now possible to start reading from the last stream message using `XREAD` with the new id value `+`.

Reviewer: Passive voice?

Author: Shrug.

There are many additional improvements, including new command arguments, security, performance, and resource utilization enhancements, several new metrics and configuration parameters were introduced, and multiple bugs were fixed.

`Time series`: The latest time series data structure adds a highly requested feature: insertion-filter for close samples. Many sensors report data periodically. Often, the difference between the measured value and the previously measured value is negligible and related to random noise or to measurement accuracy limitations. When both the time difference and the value difference between the current and the previous sample are small, it may be preferable to ignore (not to add) the new measurement.

> `JSON`: Introduces a fix to not duplicate AOF commands multiple times in `JSON.MSET`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`JSON`: Introduces a fix to avoid duplicating AOF commands multiple times in `JSON.MSET`.
```

`Probabilistic`: Now, an error is returned if `CMS.MERGE` results in an overflow or underflow.

**Search and query**

> New `BFLOAT16` and `FLOAT16` vector data types, reducing memory consumed by vectors while preserving accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New `BFLOAT16` and `FLOAT16` vector data types reduce memory consumed by vectors while preserving accuracy.
```

Author: Fixed in next merge.

> New `BFLOAT16` and `FLOAT16` vector data types, reducing memory consumed by vectors while preserving accuracy.

Reviewer: These might read better as bullets.

Author: Fixed in next merge.
